Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Why is it that a father is
never able to tell his son...
how much he loves him?
He's never able to embrace him
and say'l love you my son'?
And the mother?
She keeps repeating it. whether
her son listens to it or not.
But that doesn't mean
a father loves his son any less.
No one can fathom the amount of love
that a mother has for her son...
not even the mother.
Because there is no measure
for a mother's love.
It's an emotion
that can only be feIt...
a mother's emotion.
Rahul. my son... my life!
The match between Woodstock
lnternational and Manor House...
is at avery interesting turn.
5 runs and one ball...
Can Woodstock lnternational's 9-year
victory spell be broken in just a ball?
Captain Vivek Singh spreads his field
towards the boundaries...
...and the two batsmen
take their positions.
The excitement among the students
is rising.
The tension is mounting.
Manor House needs five runs
in one ball... Will Rohan do it?
It's up to Rohan to break.
Woodstock lnternational's nine-year
spell of victory... Seems impossible.
Nothing is impossible. The entire game
rests on Rohan's shoulders.
Manor House is confident that
Rohan will do it!
If you want to be someone in life.
if you want to achieve something...
if you want to win.
always listen to your heart.
And if your heart
doesn't give you any answers.
close your eyes and
think ofyour parents.
And then you will cross
all the hurdles...
all your problems will vanish...
victory will be yours.
Only yours.
Hey. Mom and Dad...
I won I won...
I was the Man of the match...
Hey Dad....
I watched you on CNN.
You looked great.
Now I know where I get
my good looks from.
Anyway. I have just completed
my final term and...
I'm coming home for Diwali.
Can't wait to see you guys.
Lots of Love. Rohan.
P.s.. P.s... Before I come home
I'm stopping at Hardwarto meet...
mytwo favourite girlfriends.
Hardwar?
Who are these girlfriends in Hardwar?
My two grandmothers...
maternal and paternal!
... 8 a.m.
Are you watching the photograph and
crying again?
Where am I crying?
of course not...
Where are you crying?
That's one truth and the other one is
thatyou are very young...
Stop joking with me
early in the morning...
What's the matter. Lajoji?
l remember Rahul
very often these days.
Even I remember him.
But in the last few days...
l have been feeling
very restless with his memories.
But why?
Listen...
We have lived our full lives.
Speak foryourself... I have
a long life ahead... Touchwood!
Yes...
But I have to reach God's abode...
How will I face Him there?
How will I explain the reason. why
I couldn't unite my scattered family?
That I couldn't bring
my grandson back home?
How will I show my face to Him?
Don't worry about it.
You are not going to meet God anyway...
-Why?
Because he doesn't meet anyone
in Hell...
God... again yourjokes
early in the morning...
Hey you sweethearts...
Rohan!
Naani.
- My child.
What's the matter. Naani?
You look very sexy.
L know. Everyone says the same thing.
May you live long.
You have become very weak my son.
Now everyone can't be
as heaIthy as you are.
Oh! Just Shut up now.
What's the matter. Naani?
-What happened? ls she crying?
Then it's fine. I get very worried
when she doesn't weep.
Just see... Rohan!
- Oh now stop ityou two...
Please stop crying Lajoji...
Please stop.
Yourtears will raise a lot of
questions in Rohan's mind and...
we won't have any answers
to his questions.
What do I do Kaur?
What do I do?
Whenever I see Rohan.
I think of Rahul even more
Don't you think we should
tell him every thing?
How can we tell him. Lajoji?
Yash has warned us against it.
Rohan was not even in town
when Rahul left home...
He doesn't know any thing.
I think we should
tell him every thing.
Where do we begin?
What do we tell him?
He doesn't even know that Rahul was
not born to Yash and Nandini.
He was adopted.
Rahul was two days old when
Yash and Nandini brought him home.
His tiny footsteps made a place
in all our hearts.
He became Nandini's lifeline and
Yash's dream was fulfilled.
Nine years later.
when you were born...
we feIt that
our family was now complete.
I still remember
the astrologer saying that...
you fought destiny to be born.
You would be our strength.
Did Rahul bhaiy ya know
that he was...?
Rahul was eight years old
when he got to know.
That was when Yash decided that...
the matterwould never be mentioned
again in the house...
Never again...
Rahul was our son.
The eldest son of the house.
It was atruth that could
never be changed.
But the fact was mentioned again...
Suddenly.
And that was Rahul's last Diwali with
his family... Last Diwali.
Oh Allah! Rohan baba.
you have become so fat...
that nothing fits you anymore.
What's DJ? Say Daijaan.
''It's all your blessings''
whether smiles ortears''
''We shall never part.
through smiles orthrough tears.''
''lfeel you in every breath
ofmine...''
''my life is but underyour shadow''
''lfeel you in every breath
ofmine...''
''my life is but underyour shadow''
''l prayto thee as long as I live''
''It's all your boons...
Whether smiles ortears''
''We shall never part...
through smiles northrough tears''
''We light the lamps of love
atyour feet''
''We see you every where
in every thing we see''
''Our lips chant no name butyours''
''Let our hearts be filled
with nothing butyour love''
''It's all your boons...
whether smiles ortears''
We shall never part...
through smiles northrough tears''
Hey maa... How do you always sense
my presence much before I arrive?
Rahul...just tell me one thing...
Emails. letters. faxes...
l sentyou all of these and you
didn't replyto any... very rude.
MBA is atough job. Naina!
Was it only MBA that keptyou busy?
Orwas there something else?
l mean someone else.
Well... It was more than just
one... you knowme...
Ha... You stud you.
-Ya... me stud me.
Tell me Rahul.
-What do you think?
I think...
I think. Rahul...
-What do you think. Naina?
Rahul. I don't think anyone otherthan
me can waste hertime with you.
ln any case what do you know
what to do with a girl.
Oh really?
ls this done with a girl?
Stop it Rahul...
- Tell me...
Did you remember me at all?
Should Itell you the truth or lie?
- Lie...
If I have to lie then l'd say I did...
not rememberyou at all...
How sweet!
- Let's talk aboutyou.
Are you still the same or is
some mad guy interested in you?
What do you think?
- I think...
What do you think. Rahul?
I think...
-What do you think. Rahul?
I think. Naina...
lwill beatyou to that door.
Really?
- Really.
Don't bet on that.
Yes.... yes....
Don't you have to go to school?
Thank you... C'mon.
eat this... What's the score?
104 for6... isn't that great?
- Damn good yaar. Howmany overs?
God. bhaiy ya...l think
lndia is going to kill England.
Anr thing can happen
at the last minute.
You can't bank on them too much.
You never know with lndia. Rohan.
Here... take this...
Out Out...Whats the big deal?
England was out oflndia in 1947.
DJ... that was a P J...
Oh Allah...
What are these? Legs or...?
He still hasn't learnt
howto tie his shoe laces?
So what? He's a child yet...
He'll learn...
But if you don't allow him to do it
himself. how will he learn? Fatty.
Why did you come back from London?
What's happening here?
Mom you have over fed Rohan and
turned him into a pumpkin.
Yes. yes please laugh at me...
When I go awayto...
the boarding school you will all
remember me. Nobody loves me.
Bythe way Fatty...
Mother loves me more than you.
- DJ... Just look at him.
- Calm down. He's jealous ofyou.
Mom. I missed you.
- I missed you too. baby.
You won't leave me again
and go. will you?
I won't. but promise me. you will not
feed me the way you. this pumpkin.
Nandini! Nandini!
Yes... Coming.
You have forgotten me
as soon as your son has arrived.
Who will knot this tie?
- Can't you do even that without me?
Here... Now you truly look like
Mrs. Yashvardhan Raichand.
This's foryou my son.
From today. the Raichand Empire
belongs to you.
Oops. Sorry Dad.
That's your grandfather. Salute him.
You know Rahul.
Thirty years ago he said...
certain things to me in this chamber.
which lwill now repeat to you.
He said life offers you many
paths to choose from.
You must always choose
the one that is right...
the one where you don't have to
bend... where you don't fall.
Nevertake a step in life...
that will bring shame to
your family name or prestige.
Anyone can make money but earning
respect is not everyone's cup oftea.
l have not forgotten
his words till today.
Even you should not.
Promise me thatyou will follow
the traditions of the family.
Promise me thatyou'll never compromise
with the self-respect ofour family.
l promise papa...
that lwill always keep
the family name flying high.
l promise you that lwill always
keep you happy... always Papa
We have won.
Pooja. Pooja
-What happened?
We have won the match.
God. Sachin played so well...
100 runs not out.
Ok now listen. take care
of the shop lwill be back.
Haldiraaam!
What a game!
What a game! What a game!
What a game!! Bythe way
what game are we playing?
lndia has won the match!
- Oh so we have won... How nice.
if you didn't know.
what were you dancing for?
I was dancing because
all the laddoos...
that mywife made
have been sold.
Sold out? How come?
There was a customerwho told me
he wanted to eat laddoos...
that would drive him crazy.
Eating her laddos can cure
people who are insane and...
those who are normal become...
- Clean bowled!
It was just ajoke...
- Stop it now...
Haven't even started ityet...
- Come on...
Rukhsar!
- Stop shouting so loudly...
The groom's side has come to
see Rukhsar for marriage.
Sit down. Salute them.
Grandmom... wake up...
the bride has arrived.
Oh! MashaAllah MashaAllah...
Her face is bright like
the full moon.
She is just what I had imagined.
Well... it's not me... its...
This is my daughter. Rukhsar.
What? Fever?
Not fever... mother.
She's Rukhsar!
Oh Rukhsar!
What happen?
-We have won the match.
My daughter's very
quiet and introverted.
We have won.
-Allah! What happened?
Quiet and introverted... eh?
lncidentally. what is her age?
Hundred.
- Grandmom. she says...
- she's hundred years old.
-What? Nine years old?
She's going to turn twenty-one soon.
-Well... the blossoming ofyouth.
Actuallywe live in Lucknow.
But this is Chandni Chowk.
l guess... anyway lforgot to
tell you. my son's name is Ashfaque.
Sachin!
- Sachin?
Sachin? ln case there's
someone else in her life....
No! No! Please don't say such things.
It's.... her uncle Sachin...
her late uncle Sachin.
She was very attached to him.
She always remembers
him on happy occassions.
Sachin...
Poor Sachin...
C'mon you girls...
I'll teach you a lesson...
Oh God. ls every thing alright?
Forget about me...
tell me what has she done this time?
Ask me what she hasn't.
A nice wedding proposal
would have slipped out ofour hands.
What?
180 by 100...
your blood pressure is high.
You mean BP is high-wigh!
Yes. it's high and it's
'why' because ofyou.
l have just increased the dosage.
Please get these medicines.
Om Bhai. you must take care ofyourself.
- This won't do...
Yes. Aunty...he just doesn't
take care ofhimself.
You just keep quiet...
l don't want to talkto you...
Why?
-Why? What is Sayeeda saying?
Oh! I wasn't serious at all.
I was just joking.
That's surprising...
You have spoiIt mytwo daughters...
Aren't they like my children too?
Anyway. leave all this aside.
The good news is that
they liked this mad girl...
they have accepted the proposal.
- They have accepted?
Didn't they see you properly?
Shut up!
So you will leave us and go...?
Some day all you girls have to leave.
No way am I leaving
my father and going anywhere.
Even I'm not going.
- So then should I leave?
Why do you speak like this. father?
Some day you have to get married.
my child.
The only prayer
l have to the Lord is that...
the man you marry must
love you even more than I do.
C'mon...
l don't think such
a man exists in this world...
Am I not there?
You did not eat. dance or even talk
to anyone at the partytonight.
You didn't even tell me
how beautiful I looktonight.
You look very beautiful. Naina.
Really? How sweet!
I'm sweet and I also lie very well.
Just go...
- No.
Hey Naina. you look very beautiful.
Are you lying or telling the truth?
-What do you think?
I think...
I think Rahul...
-What do you think?
Rahul. I think you should go now.
ln any case I wasn't planning to come
with you. But thanks for the offer.
Bye... i was lying to you.
What's happening. Mom?
Nothing much except planning
for Dad's surprise party.
Nothing stays in
this child's stomach.
That's because there's already
so much in there.
Rahul. How come you are
back so early?
Mom... These society parties are
very boring.
Really?
ln that case you have not taken
afteryour father in these matters.
He used to love such parties...
because there used to be
a lot ofgirls there...
Nandini
He used to get very happy
watching those girls.
Nandiniji...If I hadn't
watched those beautiful girls...
how would I have found you?
-What did you do?
Your father brought
Nandini's proposal...
When he saw her for the first time
he was very pleased...
And said. he approved ofher.
But he said we would have
to ask for dowry.
He insisted that the girl should
bring from her parents' house...
lots of love and a long.
long ladder.
It's a great tradition.
The elders of the house choose
their daughter-in-law.
One can't trust these mad children.
No. Mataji... All that was then.
These days every thing has changed.
- Nothing has changed. Nandini.
But these days children make
their choices themselves...
Nothing has changed. Nandini.
What I meant was...
- Nothing has changed.
But...
- I said it... didn't l?
That's it!
Your beauty is going to steal
his sleep in the nights...
Shut up!
-You shut up!
Where is your Ashfaque?
l haven't even seen him yet.
lntroduce him to me.
Let me see how he looks.
He is arriving from
Lucknowtoday and...
he will come to meetyou
as soon as he comes.
Tell me what you thought ofhim.
Stop this coy bride act now...
Bythe way.
what does he do in Lucknow?
He is a poet.
-A poet?
Then I'll get
along very well with him.
Really? Why?
That's because lwrite
a bit ofpoetry myself.
A ha... Ustad Anjali Ali Khan.
Let me say a few lines...
- Go on... Go on.
What heartache have
l gone through for thee...
On one end is Rukhsar and
the other is Aunteee...
Shut up. you brat.
Do you know that the morning papers
have carried a photograph...
- of my boss and his son?
- Really? Can I see?
Wash your hands first...
- Oh God!
Tomorrow is his fiftieth birthday.
There's going to be a big party.
There will be lot of people.
l made it very clear to Bhabhiji
that the desserts will...
come from Chandni Chowk. That too
specially made by dear Anjali.
Really? And what did she say?
- She agreed.
But now you make sure that
you don't mess things up.
Both Rukhsar and you come to
the party with the kulfi.
Yes we will. Oh God. but
tomorrow is Bauji's birthday too.
So what? Come a little late.
ln any case their party is
not going to start early.
Oh Allah! Oh Allah!
Do I have it?
No!
-You don't know any thing.
Please dress appropriately
fortomorrow.
Yes Ammi. lwill wear my new
shimmering. embroidered outfit.
of course... You must.
After all everyone in the party
will be dying to know...
what Rukhsar is going to wear...
- Really?
C'mon Rukhsar... the gang... Please.
- No... not today.
Rukhsar please.
- No... Ammi is not feeling well.
I'll return it.
Your groom is coming
to visit us today. isn't he?
Where have we come now? How tacky!
You brat. Mother has sent some
medicines for Daijaan.
I'll back.
Ammi... Stop it now and
go to sleep...
Come back.
- Coming. bauji.
Where has Bhaiiya gone?
The shop's closed for now.
It will open only at 10.
Ashfaque miya.
Let me say a couplet.
So what if the evil wishes harm...
nothing can happen
The onlywill that truimphs
is the will of the Lord.
Yourturn...
Eh. Look up there.
Eh. Laddoo...
You can't enter Chandni Chowk.
Why?
-Just...
And if you want to enter.
you have to say this:
Chandu's uncle fed Chandu's aunty on
a moonlit night in Chandni Chowk
in a silver spoon.
some Chatni... Say it fast.
What exactly am I supposed to say?
Never mind... You don't say...
Can I say another one?
Love is not an easy path.
understand ye all...
It's atrial by fire
to be crossed bravely.
Chandu's... spoon's... uncle...
You have come to meet me...
haven't you?
Not really...
l came to meet Daijaan.
So you call her
'Daijaan' lovingly... eh?
Of course...
She has brought me up.
She has broughtyou up?
ln that case even I must have been
your played in her lap.
Chandu's spoon... silver uncle...
Look up there!
Catch him.
When's the wedding?
-Who's?
Of course yours and hers.
How can I marry Daijaan?
You have a great sense of humour.
And you are cute too.
Bhaiy ya... save me.
I'm going to tell Rukhsarthat
l liked her Ashfaque miya.
Who is Ashfaque miya?
You are asking me
who Ashfaque miya is?
You have a great sense of humour...
Do you know where
Sayeeda begum lives? No?
Do you know?
-What do I know?
You seem to know every thing.
Do you knowmy Aunty?
Yourwould be mother-in-law...
Sayeeda begum... Do you know
where she works?
Big businesses of the big people.
Have you heard of the Raichands?
How could you have heard of them?
Their photo has appeared
in the newspaper today...
Really?
-Yes...
Have you seen it?
- No...
Then come with me...
I'll show you...
l don't read the newspapers.
- Here it is.
Yashvardhan Raichand...
a big snob!
And this is his son... God!
He looks exactly like you.
Showme.
Ah Ashfaque miya.
I'm a dead duck...
- Not at all...
You have a great sense ofhumour.
Bhaiy ya... I have some
goons running after me.
My younger brother.
Listen...You really do have
a great sense ofhumour.
Greetings... I'mAshfaque.
-And I'm the Queen ofJhansi.
Before I raise
this toast to Papa...
I want to say something
to all ofyou.
l had a dream since childhood...
A dream to be like Papa.
To walk like him. speak like
him. sit like him...
To do every thing the way he does.
Like the way he is
standing right now...
Can't do it.
l knowl can't do it.
And maybe lwill never be able to
do it because...
there's no one in this world
like my Papa.
l know that someone up there is
happywith me to have bestowed on...
me the right to saythat
l am Yashvardhan Raichand's son.
Say it proudly.
We just want to sayto you that
we love you very much.
I'lI just have a look.
Grandmother. you come with me.
''Your gilded beauty shines through.
and so do your golden anklets''
''They tinkle in melody.
to wound the hearts ofmillions''
''Your kohled eyes speak
a mysterious language''
''the immortal language of love''
Say '' shava shava ''
friends say '' shava shava ''
''My gilded beauty shines through.
and so do my golden anklets''
''They tinkle in melody.
to wound the hearts of millions''
''My kohled eyes speak
a mysterious language...''
''the immortal language of love''
Say '' shava shava ''
friends say '' shava shava ''
''Ever since I laid my eyes
on you for the first time...''
''my heart beats faster every minute''
''What have you done to me?
Oh lord. what have you done to me?''
''Your sweet words
make me weak in my knees''
''I think I'm falling
in love with you''
''I will die without you''
''Oh God. I will die without you''
Say '' shava shava '' friends
Say '' shava shava ''
''May my last breath
be atyour feet''
''May my love for you
surpass that of the lord''
''May the lord forgive me.
may the lord forgive me''
''You are my heart.
you are my soul''
''You are my heaven.
you are my earth''
''What will I ever do withoutyou''
''Oh lord. what will
I ever do without you''
''Say '' shava shava '' friends
say '' shava shava ''
''Your gilded beauty shines through.
and so do your golden anklets''
''They tinkle in melody.
to wound the hearts ofmillions''
''Your kohled eyes speak
a mysterious language''
''...the immortal language of love''
''Say '' shava shava '' friends
say '' shava shava ''
That's enough now.
It's been too much.
God... Mad girl...
Come on now...
I'm a dead duck...
Rukhsar. This one is...
Excuse me Sir!
This is our Anjali.
She has come to apologise to you.
Apologise?
Oh... That's not necessary.
Wait! Wait!
How can you say that Sir? She has
caused such a big loss for us...
She must apologise. And to tell you.
she is quite a madcap.
Even in her own house...
-Aunty! Can I speak?
Yes... go ahead... apologise.
You know sir.
When I listen to film songs...
I tend to get a little filmi.
And that Khandala number
is one of my favourites.
Shut up!
-What am I saying?
What did you want to say and
what are you saying?
Apologise.
You?
Come on leave right now from here.
Me?
- No... no... not you.
Oh! Sir. i was responsible for
smashing your big pot.
Vase.
-Yes. vase... shaz whatever it was.
I'm readyto pay you the
money for it.
By the way how much
was it for?
Now... I don't know...
Sayeeda. Why don't you explain.
Shut up!
- Shut up?
This is all because ofyou.
- Because ofme?
No... no... not because ofyou.
God. every thing is going wrong.
You see sir...
Bauji always says that no one becomes
small by asking for forgiveness.
And the one who forgives
owns a big heart...
You have a big heart don't you. Sir?
- Now...
So you have forgiven me?
-Yes... I have.
Big businesses of big people.
Ok I'll take your leave now.
Please say a big hello to Madam.
May the Lord protect
Greetings. To you too!
Quiet now...
Pot... No. Not a pot... avase.
Sayeeda... Take her now...
Come on now... Come on...
- Not a pot... avase. Sorry.
A pot!
lsn't this that Laddoo's school?
- C'mon lets go and hit him.
-Yes... C'mon.
These are the same goons
I was talking about.
Hey. you speak Hindi. don't you?
What? And you didn't do any thing?
They were too many of them Didi...
l couldn't do any thing.
Here you roam around like a don.
What happened to you there?
Oh! Didi.
- Oh! Didi.
But what was the need for
herto go into the school?
Lord Almighty!
What are you saying?
She just entered the school...
not murdered anyone.
What was the need for them
to say all those things?
If I was there I would have caught
each one of them and bashed them up.
Yes. They have hurt my sister.
Let me meet that
Laddoo and that Fattoo...
I vow on Sachin Tendulkarthat
I don't hang them upside down...
in the middle of Chandni Chowk
I won't call myself Bauji's daughter.
Anjali!
You don't know. Bauji...
Rich in money but poor at heart...
Can never find place near the Lord...
That's a good line.
Did you write it yourself?.
Yes.
Greetings to you.
- Greetings.
Anjali. they have come to
our house for the first time...
Get them something to eat.
I'm sure they have had
their meals before coming...
Haven't you seen the size?
Don't worry sirwe have eaten.
How can you saythat? I'll just
get you something in a minute.
No. No sir.
Please don't take anytrouble.
And you also... don't bother.
What's the name?
- Rohan!
Notyours. hers...
- Pooja...
You are a real Laddoo. Come on.
You must never hurt
anyone's feelings.
Specially that of a young girl...
and not...
when she's so beautiful.
Come on. say Sorry now.
Besides. Someone has told me that...
apologising doesn't make
anyone smaller.
And the one who forgives
owns a big heart.
Isn't it?
What are you looking at?
C'mon. apologise. Laddoo.
If those two can become friends.
why can't we?
Friends?
-Yes...
I just want to be friends with you...
Do you have a problem?
Really?
Friends. ji? C'mon just do it.
I can't see Bauji...
He went to get some food...
Bauji is inside...
I'm telling you. Rukhsar...
There's something fishy going on.
Anjali. you think he's...
-What?
He is...
-Yes... even I think the same.
Don't you think?
- Correct.
Even you think the same. don't you?
-You are on the mark Rukhsar.
He wants to take away
my shop from me.
Oh Allah!
What do I do with this girl?
I'm saying that he might be in...
love with you...
- Love?
Wow. Rukhsar begum.
you are really great!
You think that with all the girls in Delhi
he rather will be in love with me?
No one loves me
here in Chandni Chowk...
Why would that Yashvardhan's
son be interested in me?
Don't joke it away now.
I'm telling you.
Yaya...
you keep telling...
Take her away.
-What are you saying?
It was ajoke.
- Stop it.
So you don't want to
buy the sweetmeats?
When did it shift?
Red Fort shifted to Agra
a long time ago and...
the mental asylum from there
has shifted here.
Not a dime in the pocket and wants to
know the where abouts of the Red Fort.
Bharat Sweet Shop.
Sweets for all occassions...
whether an engagement orwedding.
- Both will happen in due course...
what's the hurry?
-Who's that?
Who? It's me. who else?
-Who's me?
What do you mean. who?
It's me your newfriend.
You know. the children have made
a plan to go to the fair...
I was thinking if you could join us.
it would be great fun!
What fair?
The fair at Chandni Chowk.
which else?
This fair?
Don't you think...
its importance would reach too high
if you visited this fair?
Actually. my importance will increase
manifold. if you could join me.
Tomorrow at 4 in the evening.
Bye.
- Bye Shye.
Chandu's uncle fed Chandu's aunty
on a moonlit night in
Chandni Chowk in a silver spoon.
some Chatni. C'mon say it.
Stop it!
Wearing a suit and his boots
Kanhaiy ya has arrived to play a band.
Wow! You sing very well.
Yes... Bythe way.
do you always wear such clothes?
Yes... When I wear clothes.
I wear these.
Otherwise most of the time
I'm in the nude...
No...no... I asked because
we have a proverb that says.
'He who wears a kurta from
Lucknow and Pathani salwar...
stands for a true man and the one
who doesn't. who knows?'
Very good! Bythe way your hair
looks beautiful when left loose.
lsn't it a coincidence that both
our fathers share the same birthday?
Twins?
- of course. One with a large heart...
the otherwith a large pocket
to pay the bills.
Let them be.
They look nice.
Bangles? 'Fair are my wrists...
make me wearthose green bangles...'
'... Make me yours. my beloved...'
You... Sorry. I mean Mr...
Ah! Don't be formal...
Say'you'... makes me feel closer.
Closer? This is getting too much...
Now listen to me Mr.Raichand...
- I want to say something to you...
- I'm listening...
What I want to say is that
I can't give you what you want.
Why not?
- I just can't.
At least give it a try.
I can't give...
Bauji won't allow it...
I'll ask for it from Bauji...
Lord save me! Whywould
Bauji give you our shop?
What's the big....? Shop?
What shop?
Our Bharat Sweetmeat shop. which else?
-What shop are you talking about?
It was alright till friendship but
what is all this intimacy about?
You sneahed in my house.
Lord save me. even that is over.
After all there's a limit
to friendship. isn't there?
Shut up!
There are many bonds
otherthan friendship.
Bonds that we don't understand...
that we don't need to understand.
l hope it's not hurting you.
Bonds that are nameless...
that are just to be experienced.
l hope it's not hurting you.
Bonds that don't
have any boundaries...
no limits.
l hope it's not hurting you.
Bonds that bind the
hearts together...
bonds ofpassion...
bonds of love.
Hurtyou?...Me too!
And one more thing...
I'm definitely going to
take overyour sweetmeat shop!
''The sun dims into twilight''
''The moon beams simmer brightly''
''l stand still as the earth
moves around me''
''The heart beats faster
as my breath goes deeper''
''ls it the call offirst love?''
''My love. is it the
call offirst love?''
''The sun dims into twilight.
moon beams simmer brightly''
''l stand still as the earth
moves around me''
''The heart beats faster
as my breath goes deeper''
''ls it the call offirst love?''
''My love. is it the call
offirst love?''
''Savourthese beauteous moments.
when every thing changes''
''Our dreams blend into
the realms ofreality''
''lwonder ifour love.
travelling through centuries...''
''has bound us in its silken threads''
''Let this season of love
remain eternal''
''let us meet through lives
and lives. like today''
''l stand still as the earth
moves around me''
''the heart beats faster
as my breath goes deeper''
''ls it the call offirst love?''
''My love. is it the call
offirst love?''
''The colours ofour souls
has meIted into one''
''l can't saywhich ofme is you
and which ofyou is me''
''O beloved. it's the waves
of the your love that drown me''
''before transporting me to the shore''
''It's the thirst of the ocean.
It's the dream of the night''
''The hearts of the flames
have been set afire''
''l stand still
as the earth moves around me''
''the heart beats faster
as my breath goes deeper''
''My love. is it the
call offirst love?''
''My love. is it
the call offirst love?''
''The sun dims into twilight.
moon beams simmer brightly''
She's slightly mad.
Actually she's completely mad.
She makes strange faces.
she talks a lot.
And she has some lovable mannerisms.
And wherever she goes
she breaks avase a pot
Pot?
- That's what she calls them.
But whenever I'm next to her.
l don't know what happens to me.
But she's slightly mad.
Actually she's completely...
Mad.
What's the name
of this mad hatter?
I wanted to know your opinion.
I'm very happywith this alliance.
Naina is avery nice girl.
Have you spoken to Rahul
about this?
What's the need to speakto Rahul?
He can't take these family decisions.
Nainawill be the daughter-in-law
of this house... our house!
DJ... Who will do all
this for me there?
Dad. Why can't I stay with
all ofyou here?
Why are you sending me
to the boarding school?
Traditions. my child...
traditions...
Your grandfather went there.
l did. so did bhaiy ya.
You can't break the traditions
of the house. can you?
No...
Always remember
one more thing...
Mom loves me more than
she loves you.
You have given me so much already...
l can't take all these.
Sayeeda... if Rahul and Rohan
can be like your sons...
then don't have a right
over your daughter?
of course you have...
But all this is too much...
Just tell me what time
is the actual wedding?
Rohan... listen to me carefully.
Take care of your food and sleep.
Rohan. he has reached
his school.
Hey! What's all this?
Tomorrow is Rukhsar's wedding...
So the two of us...
Congratulations to you Sayeeda!
if you need any thing just ask for it
- Thank you sir...
l'd be very happy if you and bhabhiji
could attend the wedding tomorrow...
l have asked Rahul to attend the
wedding. he will be there.
Ok.
Rahul baba must have come now...
Let me just check.
I'lI just be back.
Listen to me.
Tomorrow is a big day for Sayeeda.
I think we should go too...
- How can we go there. Nandini?
l can understand... But still we...
-We cannot go there.
Please think about it again...
- I said it. didn't l? That's it!
Eh! What happened to Chandni?
Haldiram. What happened?
-What happened?
Listen... let me say a couplet.
'Kurta from Lucknow or a pathani salwar
does not maketh a man...
He who gives away his
heart stands for a true man...
and the one who doesn't...
who knows?'
''Oh the brides decorated hands''
''Oh the brides bejewelled finery''
''Oh she looks like a floral ornament''
''Oh the brides kohled eyes''
''Oh she looks the
most beautiful of them all''
''Oh the bridesmaid...''
''She looks like a silken thread''
''she peeps from behind.
and steals a glance''
''Whether she admits it or nay.
she's stolen my heart''
''Oh lord. this damsel oh my lord''
''These lanes ofmy childhood.
l shall never depart''
''Put some sense.
into this crazy man's head''
''He is hurling himselfonto me''
''Oh lord. this young man oh my lord''
''Whetherthy lips speak or not...''
''your eyes divulge the story''
''You can't hide love in disdain...''
''you can't hide love in disdain....''
''A veiled silence speaks
more than athousand words''
''Words don't always
do justice. my friend''
''What's in the heart.
onlythe heart knows''
''Orthen the lord''
''Oh lord. this damsel oh my lord''
''Oh my lord.
this young man. oh my lord''
''You can't demand.
a hand in bethrotal''
''pairs are ordained.
already in heaven''
''Pairs are ordained.
''Leading awedding procession.
lwill take you from your doorstep''
''It's been destined so.
''Oh go away and stop day dreaming''
''Oh my lord.
this young man. oh my lord''
''Oh the bridesmaid...
she looks like a silken thread''
''She peeps from behind.
and steals a glance''
''Whether she admits it or nay.
she's stolen my heart''
''Oh lord. this damsel oh my lord''
''Oh lord.
this young man oh my lord''
''Oh lord. this damsel oh my lord''
Agreed!
- Even I agree.
You love her don't you?
-Yes. Papa.
Didn't Itell you. Nandini?
What did Itell you?
I'm very happy.
today Rahul... very happy.
Just promise me that
you will keep her happytoo.
You will keep my daughter-in-law
very happy.
You will keep Nainavery happy.
You face has fallen as
ifwe are already married.
Bythe waythis expression appears
only after a man gets married.
Eh Rahul. What's the matter?
What's her name?
Naina!
lwish that was the name.
But it isn't.
Naina... it's just...
- Rahul!
Ever since I can remember
l have loved you...
loved you very much.
But it isn't your fauIt.
Just because I dreamt ofmarrying you
doesn't mean you have to marry me.
And if you are worried
that lwill miserable...
yes lwill be.
lwill feel very bad...
it will hurt
a lot too.
But life doesn't stop. does it Rahul?
Perhaps a few years from now
l can laugh at the fact that...
l loved a certain Rahul
who could not become mine.
Because he was never mine!
And my love story remained incomplete.
But do me a favour Rahul.
Please complete your love story.
You will. won't you Rahul?
For my sake.
Now say something quickly
before I cry more.
Even me.
Raichand.
The name and the respect has been
given to us by our ancestors.
To honour and respect
them is our foremost duty.
And lwill nevertolerate
an ordinary girl becoming a hurdle...
in performing that duty.
You didn't even think once...
about the background of the girl.
her status... her breeding.
You didn't give athought to whether
the girl will be able to understand...
our cuIture... ourtraditions.
Will the girl ever understand
our rituals... our rites?
Will the girl understand our
ethics and principles?
Will she adhere to
the values ofour family?
Will she...?
How did you even dare to think
that she can be a part ofour family?
That she can be a
part ofmy family?
How did you think?
Where did I think. Papa?
l didn't think at all.
I just loved...love.
Love?
It's such a pitythat. I made
a mistake in knowing my own son
Ithought he knewme.
That he understands
the traditions of this family.
He understands my emotions...
he understands every breath ofmine.
I was so wrong... so wrong.
I was really proud ofyou.
You were my self-respect.
You were my strength.
You have taken all that away
from me... every thing.
You have hurt me.
l neverwanted to hurtyou.
l onlywanted to bring you happiness.
What have I done?
How could I bring tears to your eyes?
How could I bring tears?
Don't ever forgive me.
Please don't saythat
l have hurtyou.
Don't forgive me.
lwill do as you say
just as you say.
Bauji... Bauji...
Please don't leave us and go.
Get up Bauji...
Don't leave us. Bauji...
Will the girl be able to understand
our cuIture. ourtraditions.
Will the girl ever understand our
rituals... our rites?
Will the girl understand
our ethics and principles?
Will she adhere to
the values ofour family?
Today...
today you have proved that
you are not my blood.
You are not my blood.
You have proved that
you are not mine.
Papa!
You have lost the right
to call me that!
Made me a stranger in a moment.
Made me a stranger in just a moment.
Does that mean I have no
place in this house anymore?
l am right... am I not. mother?
I'm right. am I not?
Then let me go... Can I go?
''Through smiles orthrough tears''
''We shall never part.
through smiles northrough tears''
''My blessings live with you...''
''to protectyou from evil eyes''
''Mywishes foryou...''
''whereveryou go''
''May happiness and joy.
kiss your feet forever''
''It's all your blessings''
''Whether smiles ortears.
we shall never part''
''through smiles orthrough tears''
Promise me thatyou will never let
tears come to his eyes...promise me.
Now go!
Rahul...we didn't take
blessings from father.
we don't have father's blessings...
Rahul we didn't...
Go Sayeeda.
Go with my son.
Wherever he goes...
l don't want him to miss the warmth
ofa mother's affection.
if you want to be someone in life...
if you want to achieve something...
if you want to win.
always listen to your heart.
And ifeven that doesn't
give you any answers...
close your eyes and
think ofyour parents.
And then you will cross all the hurdles
all your problems will vanish.
Victory will be yours.
Only yours.
You will remember all this.
won't you Rohan?
Why are you going. Bhaiy ya?
Why? Please don't go.
Promise me Rohan that aftertoday
you will never ask anyone...
why I left and where lwent...
promise me.
Take care ofmother.
Get selected in the cricket team.
And thus Yash's ego and
Rahul's stuborn stand broke...
the family into two...
broke the family into two...
lwill bring you back Bhaiy ya.
lwill bring you home Bhabhi.
To your home... our home.
Nandini...
-Yes?
You have forgotten me
as soon as your son has arrived.
Where is Rohan?
l don't know where he
left earlythis morning.
Greetings for ld.
- Greetings for ld.
Greetings to you too.
Wow... you are glowing.
lfeel so happythatyou have come.
Greetings for ld.
God! How big he has grown.
-Yes... Both have grown quite a lot.
Stop it now...
-Just ajoke.
What's his name. Haldiram?
-Ghasitaram!
Hello! Salutations.
Greetings for ld.
Greetings to you too.
-Recognise me?
Well...
-I'm from ... there.
Ok... yes yes.
He's just spinning yarns. He's just
come to have some free drinks.
l don't seem to see your mother.
-That reminds me...
What's the news aboutAnjali?
-They are all very well.
I just spoke to them in the morning.
-Please give them lots ofour love.
Rukhsar!
-You all chat...I'll be back.
What a life Anjali is leading!
From Chandni Chowkto...
Yes. From Chandni Chowkto...?
-To...
To... where?
-What where? Chandni Chowk?
That's in Delhi.
-You said she went somewhere.
Where did she go?
- Brother... Where she went?
-Where did she go? Where she went...
Where did she go?
-Where did she go?
Where- did-they- go?
-Where-did-they-go?
Didn't you saytheywent somewhere?
Probably America or somewhere...
Oh! Have they gone to America?
But they didn't live there earlier.
-Exactly.
Where did they live earlier?
-ln Chandni Chowk.
Afterthat... Where?
-America... Didn't you just say?
And in between?
- ln between whom?
ln between the two...
-What is between the two?
What is between the two?
-The place between the two...
What's the place between the two?
What is he talking about?
Wonderwhere these people come from.
-I'm trying to tell you. the place...
What place are you talking about?
-What place? Where?
Silence! Come here.
Haldiram has lost his marbles.
She has gone to London.
Someday even lwill go there.
You have just come back. son.
And you want to go away again?
lfeel incomplete here. Dad!
Why don't you study for MBA here?
There are a lot ofuniversities here.
Why do you want to go to London?
-Traditions. Dad... Traditions.
Grandfatherwent there. you did...
so did Bhaiy ya... So how can I break
the traditions of this house?
So what shall I bring
back for the mother?
What does a mother's heartyearn for?
Mother's heart? It only yearns
for her son's happiness...
no matterwhere he is... no matter
how he is...just happiness...
And a son's happiness is in
his mother's laughter... her smile...
something that he
isn't able to see.
l promise. mother.
The laughterwill return...
that smile will return.
It's a son's promise.
And a brother's!
Your heart aches when your dear ones
go far distances. doesn't it?
And when dear ones create distances
in between. it aches even more.
Has your princess woken up?
-Oh yes... Pooja!
No one knows her bythat name. Call
herwhat she is called by everyone...
Poo!
You have no right to
look so beautiful.
She has arrived. the cunning vixen.
to drop her daughter.
After seeing your face in the morning
how can I call it a lovely day?
Liar! Liar! Come here...
Who is it. Anjali?
-Your future daughter-in-law.
Come. let me serve you
some cornflakes.
Anjali... Anjali I need to talkto you.
-What?
This song thatyou sing every morning.
-So?
It feels very nice.
But the neighbours around
were complaining.
l don't sing for them do l? I sing so
that my son learns about our country.
Our Krish has learnt every thing.
Saythatyou have!
Yes... I have learnt every thing.
- He has learnt nothing...
he knows nothing about our country.
Our religion. ourtraditions...
our heritage... Move out ofmyway.
Our country has...
Oh stop it Mummy!
What country? Country!
Eh! The country best in the world
is our lndia... don't ever forget!
OK... I won't say any thing.
He's already halfan Englishman...
when he turns a full one
don't complain to me.
Yes... become just like her!
How do they say it? How do theytalk?
Wouldn't it have been better
to have lived in Chandni Chowk?
Let me knot it foryou. Jeej!
-Aaaah!
What happened?
-What kind ofclothes have you worn?
It's become too long hasn't it?
What now?
Where's the back?
Didi. don't wait for me.
Anjali. Daijaan. come here.
How do you allow Poojato
go out wearing such little clothes?
Bythe way even the two ofyou
are looking decent today. I think...
You had worn this even the
day before. hadn't you?
It suits you a lot!
Poo... the whole college
runs after Robbie.
He's not mytype!
Who is yourtype?
And when will you meet him?
He might meet me anywhere... any time.
He could be right here somewhere.
Oh God! Who is this... disturbing
Poo so early in the morning!
Who is this who hasn't turned to
give me a second look? Who is he?
Chandu's uncle fed Chandu's aunty
on a moonlit night in Chandni Chowk...
in a silver spoon.
some Chatni...
some chatni.
Do you know Rohan. Didi always says
that a married woman is the union of...
awife and a daughter-in-law.
She is a good wife. but she hasn't
managed to be an ideal daughter-in-law
And your brother?
Not a day passes...
not a moment passes when he
doesn't remember his parents.
But he never says any thing. He has
put up their photograph in the house.
But not once has he
turned towards it.
We have made a small world for
ourselves here. Rohan.
if you look from afar
it's filled with happiness...
but the closeryou go.
you will find a lot ofsorrow.
Why have you come. Rohan?
Why now?
I had promised bhaiy yathat lwill
never ask where he went orwhy he went
But today I have realised that
he doesn't think ofus as his own.
That is a pain I can't bear...
can't bear.
I have left some broken
bonds back home. Pooja
that can only attain the status
ofa familythrough my elder brother.
l have come to take my brother back...
take my sister-in-law back...
But I can't do this on my own.
I will need your support Pooja.
Will you support me?
No... No... never!
-He is Sonia's brother.
He's not my brother... And I didn't
even know that Sonia had a brother.
So Sonia. when was this
brother ofyours born?
Brother? Who's brother?
My first brother from lndia
has come.
I mean first cousin.
He can't stay with me...
It's only a matter offew days.
At least meet him once.
My house isn't a charitable institution
that anyone can stay here.
Daijaan. please explain to her...
-Why are you troubling him? Why?
Oh stop itAunty.
C'mon. ln such a big house can't he...
- Can't stay.
This big house has you wearing
really small clothes... that's why.
I don't want any young man staring at
you... And I'm the boss of this house.
And I ring all the bells.
Gosh! What is it?
What is it? i was just
saving you from an evil eye!
Who's evil eye?
This whole family is mad.
All the mad people from Chandni Chowk
have moved in here.
Didi. Sonia's brother has just
arrived. he has no place to stay.
Can't we give him a
small place in this big house?
Pooja. You know Rahul. don't you?
Didi. he has come from lndia.
From lndia...
-My great lndia... remember?
Listen to me...
-No... no...
Just listen to me...
he has come from lndia.
So? Should I make him sit on my head?
Do you know the population oflndia?
I fall of them shift here. where
will we sleep? Let me do one thing.
I'll go to Heathrow and stand there to
invite everyone arriving from lndia...
saying. 'Please come to my house.
My wife is mad!'
He is coming today.
he's coming now. right now!
He is waiting outside and
I'm calling him in...
Listen...
Excuse me...
''We shall never part.
through smiles nor through tears...''
''we shall never part.
through smiles nor through tears.''
''How helpless are we.
what is this trial by fire...''
''we stand so close
yet we are so far''
''if you are the body.
l am the soul.''
''I'm your blood...''
''we meet and yet we don't...''
''Oh what an illusion.''
''It's all your blessings.
whether smiles or tears...''
''we shall never part.
through smiles or through tears.''
My name is Rahul.
My name is Yash.
He will stay with us.
Take his luggage...
And this is your room!
And listen...
if you ever need any thing...
want any thing...
don't bother asking me for it!
Listen...
-What is it?
if you want to live in this house
you will have to follow the rules...
and regulations of the house.
No coming late and try and...
leave as soon as possible.
Dinner at 8 p.m. or starve the night
And... stay away...
This is too much... Eh!
What are you staring at?
Say more. Please... it feels nice.
-Eh! Feels nice? Am I singing a song?
Why do you keep calling me
Eh'? I have a name...
l know. but I can't say it.
-Why can't you say it?
l said. that I can't say it. didn't l?
-Oh!
So you don't want to take my name
as a sign ofrespect. That's great.
In that case I should return
the respect too.
Can I call you Bhaiy ya?
- Call your fatherthat!
Don't you drag my father into this...
actually you can... you have the right
He got scared! Poo.
I thinkthis one's a little...
I'm mad? You wearthis jacket.
Rohan. we were waiting for
your call for such a long time.
Seems like both ofyou
are right here with me.
Mad!
The campus is giving me
an accomodation after aweek.
Right nowI'm living with
an lndian family.
Why. an lndian family?
They are very nice people.
When I met them lfeIt like...
l have known them foryears.
A laughing. happy and...
contented family.
like we are... we were...
ls he going to pay for the bill?
Go eatyour food... even that's free...
There goes Madonna
early in the morning.
if you are here. who is singing
this prayer in the morning?
Goddess Saraswati herself
has incarnated in the house?
What has happened to
Saraswati here?
Look what we have done. Pooja?
We have woken them up so early.
Come on... take their blessings.
Salutations Didi... SalutationsJeejaji
-Salutations to you too... Who is this?
You are not able to recognise her
because...
You are seeing her fully clothed for
the first time. It's your sister-in-law.
You mean our Poo?
Have a laddoo!
Mother has sent them.
Ithought I should
keep them as offerings.
Let me do the tika foryou.
Won't you getyourtika done?
Back home no one leaves
the house without atika.
Mother says it's an auspicious
start for the day.
Mother says?
So then... do it.
Now who has done this?
- Me of course.
l enjoy puncturing tyres.
Was that ajoke?
-It was... so?
No I don't want...
A guest is equal to a God. And you
can't refuse a lift offered by God.
Come on go now.
- I'll take ataxi.
Give me the money you would have
paid the cab.
That I am.
Listen... Please come back home
early in the evening.
Why?
-Just!
l have finished...
now let's leave.
Bythe way are you
interested in cricket?
Why?
Because there's a match.
lndiav/s England... at the oval.
It must be the last over.
ls it a stolen car?
- No.
ls ityours?
-Yes.
Then do what pleases you.
Don't say any thing now. any thing
can happen at the last minute.
You can never bank on lndia.
Did you call me 'bhaiy ya'?
-Why? Should l?
Why? Just drive the car carefully.
Hey! We won...
-We will win!
Like every year
Poo will decide on the boy..
who will escort herto the prom.
You will be given marks on ten.
To go to the prom with me...
you have to be brilliant in
three departments.
You are not so bad.
I wasn't talking about myself.
I was giving you points.
lwill go onlywith
him to the prom.
Where will he go?
Just fell.
I'm leaving... I'm leaving.
Listen...
I want to say something to you.
Say it fast.
l don't have time.
Should I say it?
- Say it.
Should l?
- Please say.
You have...
-Yes?
- Say it please.
Both...
- Both ofus.
- Both...
Both... Both ofyour
shoes are not matched.
That's the latest fashion.
l don't think you know.
Please tell Didi
not to wait for me.
Where are you?
''From the moment
l set my eyes on you...''
''l marked you to be mine''
''Don't turn your back on me.
you are mine. only mine''
''From the moment I set
my eyes on you...''
''l marked you to be mine''
''Don't turn your back on me.
you are mine. only mine''
''Please say it. you are my soniya''
''From the moment I set
my eyes on you...''
''l marked you to be mine''
''Don't turn your back on me.
you are mine. only mine''
''l accede. you are my soniya''
''I'm wounded by your love.
that's what makes me act the way I do''
''That's a nice line to fool me
But it won't work on me''
''It has taken years for us
to meet each other''
''Hope these moments last forever''
''this moment ofbliss intoxicates me''
''Please say it once. you are my soniya''
''l accede. you are my soniya''
''Your presence drives me crazy.
l can't think straight''
''l place you on my eyelashes.
so you are in my dreams forever''
''I want to hold you tight''
''l am yours forever. I vowtoday''
''Let's both vow at this moment.
that we'll never love each other less''
''Please say it. you are my soniya''
''You. you. you are my sonia.
Hey you are. you are my soniya''
One minute. child...
one minute... What happened?
Mr. Vajpayee had called foryou...
he wants you back in lndia.
It's his...
-What's the date today. dad?
6th Sepetember.
Pooja. Couldn't you wear
decent clothes at least today?
You came in these strange
black clothes.
Do you know everyone was
staring at us in the temple?
lfeveryone was staring at me instead
ofGod then it's not my problem.
Did you hearthat. Rahul? She speaks
nonsense even on Bauji's birthday?
Today is father's birthday.
Today is bauji's birthday?
Look at her... From Poo to Parvati...
What happened to you?
Please take it...
it's the offering from the prayer
But aren't offerings on
birthday done for the...?
l know. But Bauji
was avery funloving man...
he said even after I go
always remember me on a happy day.
That's why every year on his birthday
Pooja and l've a special prayer for him
lfhe had to see Pooja like this today.
he would've been unconscious.
You must feel sad that he
is no longerwith you now.
Yes... we do.
It's important to have the warmth of
elders in a house...
or else a family always feels
incomplete... lsn't it?
Don't you miss him?
Don't you miss?
Don't you miss Bauji?
You guys haven't had
your breakfast... Pooja. Krishi...
Come on... Please come.
Even you are coming aren't you?
lforgot.
The one who is not here
is etched in my memory and the one...
who is right here.
lforgot about him.
What present should I give you?
Just return my Nandini backto me.
We have lost each other
in this big house.
Just get back my Nandini for me.
I want nothing else.
Nothing else.
Listen...
What's the matter?
Your affection is quite overwhelming.
Yes... That's because you are
looking extremely...
what do they call it? 'Sexy'.
Krishi will see.
Bythe way. that should have been
my line... Go now.
My bag and my coat.
- I'lI just get it.
Listen. day aftertomorrow
it's Karwa Chauth...
Wow! So what am I supposed to do?
You don't do any thing. Like every year
there's party for indians
You are leaving?
What is it?
He keeps popping up every where.
So Karwa Chauth!
-Yes... it's day aftertomorrow.
So you must have received the Sargi.
- Sargi?
Sargi... Don't you know what sargi is?
It's a ritual for karwa chauth...
it's something that every mother-in-law
sends for her daughter-in-law.
Hasn't your mother-in-law
sent it foryou?
Some elder person ofyour family
must be sending it to you.
No...
Don't worry. This year
you will getyour sargi.
My mother... she will
explain every thing to you.
Greetings to you. my child!
- Greetings.
My son speaks so much about
your familythat lfeel almost like
I'm there with all ofyou.
He has become a part of
our small family.
l hope he is not
troubling you too much.
Dear child. Sargi is something that...
every mother-in-law sends
for her daughter-in-law.
Some sweets. a few almonds and...
signs ofmarital bliss...
and lots of love.
I'll send it to you.
lwill think I have sent.
it to my daughter-in-law.
OK my child I'll hang up now!
- OK.
At times why do even strangers
seem like they are your own?
And why is it. at times...
that even our own people
become strangers?
Listen... Even I have kept
the karwa chauth fast today.
Forwhom?
What's going on there?
- Something that doesn't happen here.
Karwa chauth fast?
That too for me?
Why? Who am I ofyours?
You don't have the guts
to tell your brother and bhabhi...
how you are related to them...
Trying to be a great tiger before me!
Let go ofmy hand.
Why has he held her hand?
- Let go ofmy hand.
l let go.
What ifl tell them?
Today in the presence ofeveryone...
what ifl tell them the truth.
what will you do?
l don't think you will be able to.
You are scared.
What ifl do?
Then lwill tell
everyone what's in my heart.
Really? ls that so?
- It's a bet.
Don't bet with me.
you might regret.
Maybe that's what I want.
But looking atyou...
lwonder ifall this is a dream.
Dream?
Yes... How can anyone
be so frightened?
Yourturn.
''Mytrinkets tinkle...
they say I am yours''
''l can't spend a minute withoutyou.
Oh I am yours''
''Take me away...
oh darling take me away''
''Mytrinkets tinkle...
they say I am yours.''
''l can't spend a minute withoutyou.
Oh I am yours''
''Take me away.
oh darling take me away.''
''Yourtrinkets tinkle...
they say I am yours...''
''can't spend a moment withoutyou.
Oh I am yours''
''Take me away. oh darling.
take me away''
''l can't think ofa life
withoutyou.''
''l spend sleepless nights
counting stars in the sky.''
''my heart keeps calling out to you.
my bindiya makes a sign.''
''The shimmering bindiya.
shines like a star next to the moon.''
''My anklets call out to you.
try to make up to you as you sulk.''
''Oh my loved. my beloved.
try and understand...''
''what I'm trying to say''
''Your trinkets tinkle.
they say I am yours''
''Can't spend a moment withoutyou.
Oh I am yours.''
''Take me away. oh darling.
take me away.''
''Maywe be in
marital bliss forever...''
''may our soulmates be
with us forever''
''Nowthatyou have entered myworld.
never leave''
''Take my hand and ask me
to be yours forever''
''Oh darling you look so beautiful.
seems like you have been made for me''
''Your beauty shines so brightly.
that it shames the moon''
''Go away you liar. I'm not taken in''
''Don't flattertoo much.
your giving yourselfaway''
''lwish from the bottom ofmy heart.
may your pair be forever''
''Oh my love. my beloved. wish
we spent our lives together forever''
''Yourtrinkets tinkle.
they say I am yours''
''Can't spend a moment withoutyou.
Oh I am yours''
''Take me away. oh darling.
take me away''
You are mad!
My son has turned into
a complete Englishman.
No. Not at all.
Really. Aunty... Sometimes
lwish we were living in lndia.
And Krishi would sing the
same songs that I grew up singing.
But we are here and I have become
'mummy' from a mother.
Why do you think so. Anjali?
Whateverthe tongue....
the cuIture is yours. isn't it?
Still... It's not the same. Aunty...
...Just see... Coming!
Mad!
Bythe way. D...j... Daijaan.
What are these children doing?
There's a function in Baba's school.
They are rehearsing forthat.
All ofus are going for it.
You will come with us. won't you?
I'lI just be back.
What do I do with this?
What are you doing?
I'll manage myself.
Leave it Daijaan.
I'll do it myself... Daijaan...
Daijaan... DJ!
My little child! My child!
l knew it...
My heart kept telling me
that it was my Baba. Oh Allah!
How big you've grown up to be.
You hid it from your DJ too?
You didn't even tell me?
Why? My child. why?
Didn't I keep telling you. Anjali?
See. it's my little child!
It's my child.
You have come backto me.
My child!
Just coming!
Oh! Where is Didi?
Where's she gone?
Oh my God! ls this ourtable?
They do this all the time.
Look at this. Aunty.
They give the front seats to the
shining white army and seat us behind.
Why do they do it
always?... No... Aunty.
Where is that silly principle?
She has arrived. the cunning vixen.
ls she the Queen of England that
she's got the table in the front?
Please go you sillywoman...
Hope yourtable starts shaking...
hope your chair breaks to pieces.
Should we sit?
Alreadythere have been a
lot ofcomplaints.
Even lastyear at this function
you had created a ruckus!
Krishi is performing... Very nice...
what's the big deal?
You just shut up and stop
this Englishwoman act ofyours!
Anjali. she's right!
-You keep quiet.
My son's on stage...
lwill at least whistle once.
No... No...
-Just one whistle...
How sweet my son looks!
He looks just like you. sweetoo!
God. Please protect my son.
Eh! Your son is just performing...
not fighting awar on the border.
Just see!
-Just see!
My son! My son!
- Even mine.
Now sing your. 'Do Re Mi'.
Did you do this?
Nowtell me something...
You must have been a little nervous?
I was a little nervous.
But someone said something to me...
and every thing was alright.
What did the person say?
-Just a minute.
if you want to be someone in life...
if you want to achieve something...
if you want to win.always
listen to your hear.
And ifeven that doesn't
give you any answers...
close your eyes and
think ofyour parents.
And then you will
cross all the hurdles...
all your problems will vanish.
victory will be yours...
only yours.
Who said this? Papa?
- No. He.
Did you take care ofmother?
Did you get selected
in the cricket team?
How did you manage
to lose so much weight?
Why didn't you tell me?
Come back home. Bhaiy ya.
Please come back home.
Has Papa sentyou?
Rohan. nowthis is my family.
These are my people.
This is myworld!
And the home you are talking about
was never mine in the first place...
and will never be.
You go back now...just go back.
You...
l have seen you again.
that's enough for me.
Go back.
Do you know Bhaiy ya.
you often said when i was a child
That mother loved you more than me.
l never liked it then.
l used to get angry.
But today. I would like to tell you.
thatyou were right.
Mother loves you more than me.
She loves you too much.
And she will always.
She will always
- I know.
He hasn't forgotten Dad's words.
He will never come back.
He will come Rohan.
He will definitely come back.
l knowmy brother-in-law well.
Just get him to meet
mother and father.
Will you be able to do that?
You know. dad...
l had a strange dream last night.
l dreamt thatyou and Mom had come
to London to surprise me.
Then?
-What then. dad?
The alarm went off... I mean...
whywould you and Mom come to
London to surprise me?
I'll speakto you later
The work's done.
Guess where we are.
-Where. dad?
ls it ever possible that my son dreams
ofsomething and I don't turn it true.
Tell me where you are right now.
we want to meetyou just now...
You are meeting me
after such a long time.
Present? Now...
at this time... here...
You meet me at 5 p.m. at
the Blue water Shopping mall.
But tell me what
you want. my child.
You will find what
I want right there. Dad.
What's happening here?
- I'm looking for the receipts.
What receipts?
- To return the clothes.
if you have to return them. why do you
buythem in the first place?
The country best in the world
is our lndia... Right Mom?
Mother's stooge!
Did you tape that? That lndian serial.
Kyon Ki Saas Bhi kabhi bahu thi.
What a brilliant twist!
The son dies.
Oh God! Really? Oh No...
You have given awaythe suspense.
What are you doing?
- It's fine till the hugs
- but he keeps kissing me too.
-You have never kissed me so much.
Come home. darling... and see.
Lies! You lied to me.
Yes... I lied to you. Dad.
What would I have achieved even if
l had told truth.
I wouldn't be able to break
your ego.
What else is it ifnot ego. Dad?
That separates a mother from her child
that takes away...
a brother from his sibling...that
throws a father away from his son...?
He is not my son!
l don't believe that he is my son.
Has he fulfilled the duties
ofa son? He didn't.
He did. Dad... he did.
He always fulfilled them.
He only made one mistake... Love.
lfthat is a crime according to
your law. so be it.
But isn't ityour duty as an elder
to forgive him for his mistake?
Butyou came down to punishing him.
What kind ofpunishment is this. Dad?
What punishment is this?
Just look into my eyes and saythat...
you don't feel the pain
ofparting with him.
Saythatyou don't remember him.
Saythatyou don't love him.
Say it. Dad. Say it.
l don't love him.
l said it. didn't l?
God has blessed you
with every thing. Dad... Every thing.
I just wish he had given you a heart!
- Shut up!
You irreverent child!
You love him.
You love him a lot.
l have got my answer.
You really love him.
Let's go back. Rahul.
It's too much now...
This is not our country.
These are not our people.
We have set up a house here...
but have you everwondered
what kind ofa home is this...
that doesn't have a mother's
warmth or a father's blessings?
Let's go back. Rahul.
Mother and Father are here...
They are right here.
They are elders.
They are a little angry with us.
But we will ask for forgiveness.
Rahul... I know
they are as incomplete without us...
as we are without them.
We will ask for forgiveness. Rahul.
Let's go back.
You will never understand.
To turn a stranger into your own...
and then to turn him back
to a stranger...
you can never understand the pain.
l agree they are elders...
but even they don't have the right
to break a heart.
Even they don't have
a right to break a heart.
I think we should call him back.
Yash. It was her last wish
to have Rahul...
Just wait for awhile...l
know he will definitely come.
We don't need to wait
for anyone... Rohan.
Rahul and Anjali are leaving.
They are leaving tomorrowfrom here.
They haven't even come home.
if you sayto them...
Do you knowmother always
says that...
a husband is God.
No matterwhat he says...
no matterwhat he thinks...
he is always right.
You brought Rahul home one day...
right.
We gave him lots of love... right.
He became a part ofour family.
He became my life...
right... absolutely right!
Then... one day he left home
and went away.
Wrong
You let him leave... wrong
You separated a mother from
her child... wrong.
Our family shattered
to pieces... wrong.
Then how does a husband become God?
God can't do anywrong can he?
My husband is just a husband...
just a husband... Not God.
Not God.
Nandini!
l said it... Didn't l?
That's it!
Ever since the day you left.
Bhaiy ya...
mother has only seen you
through His eyes.
He is the one who gave a mother...
the strength to stay away
from her son.
Please swear on Him. Bhaiy ya...
thatyou will come home
at least once.
Just once. Bhaiy ya.
Even ifit is for a moment.
Even ifit is for a day.
Let Bhabhi feel
at least once that
she is the daughter-in-law
of this family.
She is a part of the family.
At least letyour shadowfall
on the photograph...
that has keptyour memory alive in
mother's eyes for the last ten years.
Just once. Bhaiy ya.
Then you can leave
No one will stop you.
On the strength ofthat one memory...
that one moment...Mother
can lead her entire life.
Can't you do just this
much for mother?
You took mywords so much to heart
thatyou went away.
Didn't even look back once.
Didn't come back even once.
Didn't come back.
Where did you call
me back. Papa?
Did I have to call you back?
Am I not elder?
Do I have to call you back?
Ithoughtyou didn't love me.
Ithoughtyou didn't
think ofme as your son.
How could you thinkthat?
How could you?
l broughtyou into this house for
the first time with these hands.
You completed our family.
You fulfilled all our dreams.
How did you think...?
Ithoughtyou didn't love me...
didn't love me.
l love you very much.
my son... love you very much.
Just...just couldn't say it.
ln these ten years I have thought
aboutyou every moment every day.
Ithought ofyou so much that.
lfeIt like embracing you and...
telling you howmuch I love you.
Just couldn't say it.
Elders' anger is a part of...
their love. my son.
You took it so much to heart that
you got angry and left home...?
And I didn't even call you back.
Whywould you call me?
l should have come on my own.
Yes...
- I should have come on my own.
Why didn't you come?
Why didn't you?
This is your home...
You are the elder son of the family...
You are my son... my son.
And nowl have grown old my son.
l have grown old.
At least forgive me now.
At least forgive me
now... At least now.
Come here. son.
Son...
At times the youngsters
in the house showthe right...
path to the elders in the family.
l keptyou away from your brother
foryears.
Please forgive me if you can.
Forgive me... forgive me.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-